Hi, how was your talk with Caspian?
It was something.
Well, don't worry.
There's bound to be ups and downs.
But trust me, you two are born for each other.
Yeah, maybe. I don't know.
I do know what I need to focus on is getting my diploma
so I can get another job.
I feel you, girl. You and me both.
We look at this.
Oh.
Oh, no.
What? What's wrong?
I completely forgot.
I have an online test.
It's my babysitter.
Hello?
There's bound for Anna.
I'm sorry, but I have a family emergency.
I have to go.
Okay, can't you just take the test later?
No, I can't. It's time.
Once you click start, you have an hour to finish it.
All right. Don't click start then.
I already did.
Oh.
Shit.
Hey, where's Caspian?
Can't he watch Emmett?
Casp.
Answer it.
I was hoping I could take you out tonight.
I wanted to apologize again for her.
Casp, I need to ask a favor.
I see.
Will you stay there and take your exam?
I'll handle it.
Yeah, just send me the babysitter's number and I'll head right over.